Buy all Zhou Linlin's warehouses and ask for a pair of glass.
Now it's down to a few cents a share for a pair of glasses
Do you want to add more?
Of course, why did the jar break?
Your broken shares have fallen like this, are you still buying them?
I have never seen such a stupid person
Knowing that the stock market is falling, you have to seek death
Xiao Zhou, let's go to the warehouse.
Please invite him
OK.
Xia Yushuang
Did your brain go bad after you left me?
He's so stupid that you still believe him
Fang Yuan, I once believed in you
But what did you do?
With my former best friend Tang Qian
You cheated me out of all my money
If it weren't for the rock that saved me when I committed suicide
I've been killed by you now
It's not that you're stupid
I was really stupid before
I believed you once
But what did you bring me?
I believed in a ball many times
One goal didn't fail me once.
So this time
I still choose to believe in a ball
The stock of Mr. Xia's medicine pot glass has been bought
But my house is still falling.
Oops, his medicine pot glass
Don't you drop to a few cents a share?
It seems that you will be disappointed this time.